Brexit: Is fishing the next big argument in the talks?
It has always been an emotional issue in the UK's relationship with the European Union.
Fishing: a symbol of the sovereignty that supporters of Brexit say will now be regained.
The EU has already announced that an agreement on fisheries is a pre-condition for the kind of free trade deal, with no tariffs or quotas, which both sides say they will try to work towards.
But the UK says any such agreement must be based on the understanding that, after Brexit, "British fishing grounds are first and foremost for British boats".
So, there could be troubled waters ahead.
How do fishing controls work?
During the post-Brexit transition period until the end of this year, fishing will continue to be governed by the EU's Common Fisheries Policy (CFP).
That means the fishing fleets of every country have full access to each other's waters, apart from the first 12 nautical miles out from the coast.
But they can't catch whatever they like. EU ministers gather for marathon talks every December to haggle over the volume of fish that can be caught from each stock.
National quotas are then divided up using historical data going back to the 1970s, when the UK got what its fishing industry says was a bad deal.
It's further complicated by the fact that parts of the British quota have been sold off by British skippers to boats based elsewhere in the EU.
In England, for example, more than half the quota is in foreign hands.
Overall, more than 60% of the tonnage landed from British waters is caught by foreign boats.
What next?
So, Brexit is a chance for a fresh start.
Outside the EU, as an "independent coastal state", the UK will control what's known as an exclusive economic zone (EEZ), a vast maritime territory stretching up to 200 nautical miles into the North Atlantic.
The government wants to hold annual talks with the EU on access to those UK waters and on quotas. That's what other independent coastal states like Norway do.
And fishing communities in the UK, which were strong supporters of the campaign to leave, are insisting on this basic change.
But UK waters are so important, the EU is under pressure from its fishing communities to maintain the status quo.
It wants the UK to grant the same level of access there is now, with only gradual change envisaged, in order to "avoid economic dislocation for EU fishermen that have traditionally fished in the UK waters".
The EU wants to divide up the amounts that each country's boats are allowed to catch in a way that will not be up for negotiation every year, and which cannot be changed unless both the UK and the EU agree.