Coronavirus: A visual guide to the pandemic
Coronavirus - a fast-moving infection originating in China - has spread to more than 140 countries and claimed more than 5,700 lives.
While more than half the cases are in China, the virus is now spreading faster outside the country than within. Italy, so far, has the highest number of confirmed infections outside China.
1. The virus outbreak is now a pandemic
A rise in the number of daily confirmed cases of the new coronavirus internationally has led the World Health Organization (WHO) to declare its spread a global pandemic.
This is when an infectious disease is passing easily from person to person in many parts of the world at the same time.
About 81,000 people in China have been diagnosed with coronavirus since its emergence in the city of Wuhan, Hubei province, in December. But there are now also about 71,000 confirmed cases outside China, according to the latest WHO figures.
However, the number of people with coronavirus internationally is thought to be a much higher number - as many of those with mild symptoms have not been tested and counted.
After China, Italy has the highest number of confirmed cases, with more than 21,000. Europe has become the new "epicentre" of the pandemic.
Iran and South Korea also have significant outbreaks, with nearly 13,000 and 8,000 known cases respectively.
In response to the virus's spread, countries around the world are ramping up measures to try to slow it down. Governments have halted flights from virus-hit nations, locked down towns, urged people to stay at home, and suspended major sporting and social events.
President Donald Trump has declared a national emergency, freeing up to $50bn (£40bn) in relief funds.
He has also announced travel restrictions on European countries. The measures - originally only applying to non-Americans travelling from countries which are members of the Schengen border-free travel area - have been extended to include the UK and Ireland from Tuesday. The restrictions are in addition to those applying to China and Iran.
A number of international conferences and sporting events have also been cancelled, including Six Nations rugby matches.
To better co-ordinate the global response, leaders of the world's richest economies - the G7 group - will hold a crisis summit via videoconference on Monday.
2. Italy has the most recorded cases outside China
Italy currently has the most confirmed cases outside China, having overtaken both South Korea and Iran. It has more than 21,000 confirmed cases and a death toll of about 1,400. Italian authorities have imposed stringent restrictions, closing nearly all shops, bars, hairdressers, restaurants and cafes until 25 March.
Schools, gyms, museums, nightclubs and other venues have also been shut, and people have been ordered to stay home and seek permission for essential travel.