Dietmar Hopp: Bundesliga protests focus on Hoffenheim owner, but is it about him?
The rain was pouring hard as Bayern Munich midfielders Leon Goretzka and Joshua Kimmich did keepie-ups with Sebastian Rudy of Hoffenheim in the centre circle.
Thiago, also in Munich red, joined in too, and before long the two opposing sides were casually passing the ball back and forth between them.
At first glance, it looked like a 13-minute training session in front of 30,000 spectators. But this was a Bundesliga game that for the first 77 minutes had only been about Bayern's dominance. They had a clear 6-0 lead when something happened that is unprecedented in the long history of German football.
It started with banners in the away end housing Bayern supporters. One read "Du Hurensohn" ("You son of a whore") with the letters D and H coloured in blue. It was quite clear who this was aimed at - Hoffenheim's main financial backer, Dietmar Hopp.
The 79-year old was watching from the VIP stand with a bewildered look on his face as Bayern's chief executive Karl-Heinz Rummenigge ostentatiously put an arm around his shoulder for comfort. The referee stopped the game - there had been instructions to do so should insults be displayed on banners or voiced from the crowd.
Bayern manager Hansi Flick, and Hasan Salihamidzic then sprinted to the away supporters, shaking their heads, waving their hands and holding up six fingers to show the score. In their eyes, the fans were putting the result in jeopardy. The supporters might have replied that their concerns were worth more than three points.
Bayern's players followed, vainly attempting to speak with ultras in the first few rows. Then the referee pointed to the tunnel to send the players off the pitch.
Visiting captain Manuel Neuer spoke with Hoffenheim's players and their manager to discuss the idea of a strike during the remaining 13 minutes. When the players returned to the pitch, Hoffenheim's supporters booed their decision. They wanted the game to be cancelled.
Rummenigge and Hopp arrived on the touchline holding hands in an act of solidarity. After the game, both teams applauded the crowd - apart from the Bayern section - and they let Hopp stand in the middle.
Rummenigge spoke. "This was the ugly face of the football and of Bayern Munich."
Tabloid media headlines read: "A day of shame for German football." During Aktuelles Sportstudio, a TV programme like Match of the Day, highlights of the match were shown in silence - with no commentary on the action.
German football has since been occupied by the aftermath of this match. It has divided the game. Do you sympathise with the anger of the supporters? Or do they have too much power? Do you support the football authorities?